[OSDOCS#20003] Remove 17.1 from ShiftStack docs (#111738)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/capi-yaml-machine-template-rhosp.adoc

<2> Specify a name for the machine template.
<3> Specify the details for your environment.
The values here are examples.
// FIXME: Link targets RHOSP 17.1 docs. Update when RHOSO equivalent is available.
<4> Specify the {rh-openstack} flavor to use.

> For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html/configuring_the_compute_service_for_instance_creation/assembly_creating-flavors-for-launching-instances_instance-flavors[Creating flavors for launching instances].

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_services_on_openshift/18.0/html/configuring_the_compute_service_for_instance_creation/assembly_creating-flavors-for-launching-instances_instance-flavors[Creating flavors for launching instances].
```
